Tens of billions of orders
Even if the Wang family assets are not 1 billion
Even if the order is genuine
Isn't that cheap?
I just thought this Mr. Master was Lin Shishi
Please come and deliberately fool Wang Shao
Unexpectedly, he is still a hidden boss
After 3 days
The four major families in the southern region will come
You only need to choose one of the families
cooperate with
At that time, your Lin family only needs to take out the contract
These four families will cash in on tens of billions of orders
By that time
Let alone a paltry 50 million
Even if you buy his entire royal family
You are never impossible
Ok hahahaha
How old and cheap is this order?
You can soar
Hahahahaha
I come from the fifth family
It's very possible.
Hahaha hey
old man
What do you mean by that?
Do you really believe what this kid said?
It is not said whether the four major families have tens of billions of orders
Is whether they will come
That's a problem.
Our Wang family is the largest family
How could you not know such important news?
Do you believe
Yes, Mom.
Don't be fooled by this kid
Are these tens of billions of orders real or fake?
After three days, there will be a conclusion
Is there no need for the old man to worry?
As far as I know
The head of these four families is the Chu family
This kid's surname is Chu
If it is really a member of the Chu family
Even with the help of the Wang family
We can't resist either
Ahahahaha
Wang Shao, I'm really sorry.
It's all my neighbor's fault today
If you don't dislike it
Hahaha Jiaojiao ah hahahaha
I'll let my granddaughter Jiaojiao
How about marrying you instead of Shishi?
Hahahaha Your Majesty
Then we'll tell you to go away in the future.
How dare you understand?
That being the case
Pay back the arrears after three days
Okay, this account
I'll make a note for you
OK
Hahaha, what a good son-in-law!
Oops, it was Dad just now who never knew Tai
Mountain, hahaha, a year-old girl, right?
Hahaha come come come
Hurry up and make a mistake, hurry up and make a mistake, hahaha.